How did viewing a diff betweeen two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Instead of looking over a lot of code aimlessly, I was actively comparing things that I knew
would have differences, meaning I could first look for the differences and then consider their
effects.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer 
in the long term?
Not all bugs are obvious immediately. In the same way that we just found a bug by checking the most
previous version, having the entire history of revisions would help us hunt down where any problem
might have originated, regardless of how many versions ago it may have been.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do 
in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Like we just discussed, the pros are that your commits can then make a logical progression and much
more sense for going back through code changes. The cons are that you might forget to commit, or 
otherwise lose work. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file seperately?
Because they're built for different uses, and in Git projects are more likely to have interconnected
files, whereas in gDocs this is unlikely or rather not really the goal of the system.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log gives you a history of all commits, i.e. changes to the files. Git diff then shows the specific
changes between two commits, so using it on the commit of interest and the previous commit will show
you what changes were made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Because it is so easily reversible, and not only that but it makes it easy to look at changes and 
find any that are unintentional or mistakes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Accessing GitHub and getting the projects I've been working on there.